what's she like she's a beauty and she
does not waste words he tumble out wit
following ways Tim you haven't bedded
her have you grab their name in fruit
it's one of those genres that you
definitely wanted to tick off the list
to get an opportunity to do a Western
story is about Jay Cavendish living in
Scotland brought up in a royalty family
and rose he falls in love with ends up
fleeing to Colorado and Jay Cavendish
decides to go on a journey to find his
love he's then met with a mysterious
traveler named Silas who helps him upon
his journey and through the Western
world to find Rose his love a bad kid
the character of Silas who's almost kind
of dead inside because what served him
best is to be on his own
nobody can tangle up his life in any way
but at the end of the day is there much
love or experience of emotion in your
life and so Jay comes along and
introduces all those things through his
naivety and passion the dreamer in him
and I think it sort of reignites all of
those things in Silas at the start he's
pretty scared about him he wouldn't want
to show you that he's scared because he
is quite the cocky little boy thinking
he's he's doing great traveling across
America by himself but I think they have
a really great beautiful relationship by
the end of it and it's a scraping motion
against the grain not a slicing motion
all I'm saying is there's more to life
than just surviving yeah there's dyin
kill that out America is very much a
character in this piece as well the
harsh reality of the Wild West and
heading beyond were the train lines for
the vans and what sort of characters are
out there Manta free country
you